When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

    When collaborating on a project.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    Some local commits may not be in final publishable form.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

    Forks are locally cloned repositories on the (remote) GitHub system.
    Use when cloning to a PC is undesirable.

    Clones are full yet snapshot-in-time commit histories of a repository.
    Use when editting files locally on a PC and then pushing to the GitHub system.

    Branches are commit histories not merged to the master commit history.
    Use when developing additional functionality, debugging, etc.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

    This is beneficial if something should happen to the last known state
    of the remote commit history and it has to be restored.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    Collaborating without Git or GitHub would be more difficult. Without these tools
    perhaps the best thing to would be to require each coder to log the filenames
    of the files they modify and send only those files to other members. I don't
    know -- sounds like it'd be too easy to make a mess of things... just get 
    used to Git and GitHub.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    Making changes in a separate branch is advantageous when those changes are for
    experimentation or testing purposes which may need approval in a collaborative
    project. Making changes directly in master in a collaborative project would
    include trivial updates like fixing typos. Perhaps changes to functionality
    could be made to master when working on a non-collaborative project.
